Impossible absolutely impossible
That's right, it's superhuman rights
Lin Wenli is actually superhuman
superhuman power
How could Lin Wenli be strict about teacher's super human rights?
This Lin Wenli can't really be President Yan Yulin, right?
You stop
Lin Wenli, how can you exceed the crowd?
Who taught you, Mr. Yan?
What supergroup?
I don't know.
Hey, add a group, Sister Yang, Sister Yang
Sister Yang, open the door, open the door
Key key
Oh oh
Jata, you rush, rush
Jiangnan Jiangnan
Jiangnan Jiangnan, you hold on
Senior sister
What's wrong with Jalan? Jiangnan is sick again.
Express hospital
Jiangnan, hold on
Jiangnan
Jiangnan Jiangnan
Jiangnan, you will be fine
Wait here with me
If you didn't have to use the assault knife
Scum, how could he be?
I didn't mean to
How did I know he was epileptic? Shut up
Scum, he's not sick
You are not allowed to say he is sick
Coach Liu, please loosen the texture.
Senior sister, I don't know that scum is sick
It's not his fault.
Get out of here, you dragging coach Liu
Stop talking, sister
You two
Be quiet.